[v8.5.6] docs: update sync-diff-inspector docs for move to tiflow repo (#20140) (#22540)
pingcap/docs: sync-diff-inspector/sync-diff-inspector-overview.md

* Support [data check for TiDB upstream-downstream clusters](/ticdc/ticdc-upstream-downstream-check.md)
* Support [data check in the DM replication scenario](/sync-diff-inspector/dm-diff.md)

## Install sync-diff-inspector

The installation method varies depending on your TiDB version:

> For TiDB v9.0.0 and later versions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For TiDB v8.5.6 and later versions:
```

+ Install using TiUP:

    ```shell
    tiup install sync-diff-inspector
    ```

+ Binary package. The sync-diff-inspector binary package is included in the TiDB Toolkit. To download the TiDB Toolkit, see [Download TiDB Tools](/download-ecosystem-tools.md).

+ Docker image. Execute the following command to download:

    ```shell
    docker pull pingcap/sync-diff-inspector:latest
    ```

> For TiDB versions before v9.0.0:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For TiDB versions before v8.5.6:
```
